Introduce SingleBytePrefixVersionWithStringBypass for faster string serialization (#20)
Shopify/paquito: README.md

coder.load("\x00---\n:foo: 42") # => { foo: 42 }
```

### `SingleBytePrefixVersionWithStringBypass`

> Works like `Paquito::SingleBytePrefixVersion` except that versions `253`, `254` and `255` are reserved for serializing string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Works like `Paquito::SingleBytePrefixVersion` except that versions `253`, `254` and `255` are reserved for serializing strings
```

in an optimized way.

> When the object to serialize is an `UTF-8`, `ASCII` or `BINARY` string, rather than to invoke the underlying serializer, it simply
> prepend a single byte to the string which indicate the encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the object to serialize is an `UTF-8`, `ASCII` or `BINARY` string, rather than invoking the underlying serializer, it simply
prepends a single byte to the string which indicates the encoding.
```

> The larger the string the larger the speed gain is, e.g. for a 1MB string, it's over 500x faster than to go through `MessagePack` or `Marshal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The larger the string the larger the speed gain is, e.g. for a 1MB string, it's over 500x faster than going through `MessagePack` or `Marshal`.
```

> The larger the string the larger the speed gain is, e.g. for a 1MB string, it's over 500x faster than going through `MessagePack` or `Marshal`.

Reviewer 2: 🤯
